it's such a beautiful day you're not
laying jacket and we feel good I'm not
wearing my coat and it feels awesome
this is Dalton this is James you're
joining us in Reykjavik and there's
Chelsea and this is our food
to see this beautiful because there is a
whole world just waiting for us many
things created by the god we trust'
and this is shed
we don't even sleep in no I wanna go to
London Tokyo Paris New York shots I'm
Sydney's London Tokyo Paris New York
shutdowns in this bed I wanna go to
London Tokyo Paris it to the chair in
the middle things right there in the
middle of days with me right there
things you okay yeah right there in the
middle of things right there in the
middle of the tape of it right there
the middle of things
Oh
we are stuck in snow and I don't even
know what region we're like I think
really 20 years so from you we were
trying to go to waterfall but I was told
by the other people that we were going
the completely wrong way the coordinates
are 60 3.9 536 and then - 17.9 633 about
12 kilometres Chris nothing watch out
I'm gonna look if it moves and drive
we're before that we're losing ten
senses and we turned left before we got
to Kalfas l yes yeah we yeah why it was
like a farmhouse and then there was to
like half circle domes kilometres that
way past that okay thank you so much
thank you so much you love you we got
out alive guys that car right there
helped us
now we're driving we got out alive
trying to make it to the airport now now
it's rushing to the airport
gotta get them to the airport we made it
the car made it out you just hopped in
press some buttons and it got out of
stem so now our next challenge is to get
the voice the airport on time let's do
this we made it to the airport in time
we made we made it
yeah we're alive we're gonna make it
there off to Italy bye guys have fun bye
bye James
super chill night and Reykjavik today we
did pretty much nothing
well koala ate some delicious food and
now we get to see alt-j